bpo-42035: Add a PyType_GetName() to get type's short name. (#23903)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/type.rst

   from a type's base class.  Return ``0`` on success, or return ``-1`` and sets an
   exception on error.

.. c:function:: const char* PyType_GetName(PyTypeObject *type)

>    Return the type's name. This function can accept heap or static types.

Reviewer: This note is not relevant, since there's no limitation to document.
```suggestion
   Return the type's name.
```
Instead, there should be some documentation about ownership. For how long is the returned pointer valid?

Author: > This note is not relevant, since there's no limitation to document.

Oh, I try to address this function can accept any types by this sentence, and removed the note is fine in fact.

> For how long is the returned pointer valid?

How about this note: `You can hold this pointer until the type have been deallocated.`

       GC protocol itself by at least implementing the
       :c:member:`~PyTypeObject.tp_traverse` handle.

.. c:function:: PyObject* PyType_GetName(PyTypeObject *type)

>    Return the type's name. The returned object haven't a prefix of module name.

Reviewer: I think this would be more understandable to people who aren't that familiar with the differences between ``__name__``/``__qualname__``/``tp_name``, but the behavior would still be clear:
```suggestion
   Return the type's name. Equivalent to getting the type's ``__name__`` attribute.
```

Author: make sense :)
